feat(CullingInfo): add culling info component (#568)
patternfly/react-component-groups: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/CullingInfo/CullingInfo.md

---
# Sidenav top-level section
# should be the same for all markdown files
section: Component groups
subsection: Status and state indicators
# Sidenav secondary level section
# should be the same for all markdown files

> id: Culling information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: Status timestamp
```

Previously, ([via this Miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKr2og3k=/)), we considered renaming "culling info" to be "status timestamp" for easier understanding. I don't see a timestamp in the examples, though, so maybe the design has changed. Do we still want to do that?

Reviewer: Another option could be "Stale warning", "Expiration warning", "Stale data warning"

Author: I'm not able to access the Miro link, but there isn't a timestamp. It is either a warning/danger tooltip or a warning/danger icon with a custom message. Is there a naming option you would prefer?

Reviewer: Okay, let's go with "stale data warning"  if that sounds okay with you? I also don't mind sticking with "culling" if that's more accurate, but if so I would suggest "culling warning" instead of "culling information"

# Tab (react | react-demos | html | html-demos | design-guidelines | accessibility)
source: react
# If you use typescript, the name of the interface to display props for
# These are found through the sourceProps function provided in patternfly-docs.source.js
propComponents: ['CullingInformation']
sourceLink: https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups/blob/main/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/CullingInfo/CullingInfo.md
---

import CullingInformation from '@patternfly/react-component-groups/dist/dynamic/CullingInfo';

> A **culling information** component displays a warning for when an object will become culled or stale. It can display this as a tooltip or text. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **culling information** component displays a warning status when an object is stale and planned for removal. Additional warning details can be displayed a tooltip or text label. 
```

if we change the component name, update here as well

## Examples

### Basic culling information

> A basic culling information example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic culling information component displays a warning icon with additional details in a tooltip, including a timeline for data removal.
```

```js file="./CullingInfoExample.tsx"

```

### Culling information with customized props

> For further customization, you can choose to render the tooltip as a message beside the icon instead. And you can utilize all properties of the [Tooltip component](/components/tooltip), with the exception of `content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of sharing details in a tooltip, you can place a short message beside the icon instead. You can still utilize all properties of the PatternFly [tooltip component](/components/tooltip), with the exception of `content`.
```
